Hide top navigation (#2873)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

})
```

### hideTopNavigation
- **type**: boolean

> - **description**: disables Luigi's default out-of-the-box top navigation when set to `true`. This means that top is no longer visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: disables Luigi's default out-of-the-box top navigation when set to `true`. This means that top navigation is hidden and only the left-side navigation is visible.
```
